Now let's create our second tower and the way we're going to do that is we're just going to create a
new folder and we'll call it whoops new folder and we'll call it Arc 3
Then we're going to come back into our ark to folder and we're going to merge all of our layers except
for our railing.
So now those are all merged and we're going to copy them
and then we're going to come into our three folder and paste it.
Now going command T and then right clicking.
We're going to flip horizontal
and we're going to resize them
like so.
Now we're going to add some sort of a hanging tapestry here on the side of our tower.
So we'll create a new layer using our Lasso tool.
We are going to create our shape
and we're going to fill that in with
this color the same color we're used for our grass and there's it's color
then we're going to come back into there into our original document.
And we're going to select this lighter green color then we're going to create a new layer and fill that
in and we're going to shrink that damn
like so so that it fits within our larger darker green tapestry
.
Now using our Eraste tool we're just going to let some merge them first and then using our race tool
We're going to erase out the unwanted part of our tapestry.
Now we're going to select our tapestry and then we're going to create a whole new layer underneath it
.
And we are going to fill it with a dark blue
then we're going to use Comanche and we're going to stretch that out and we're going to rotate them
just a bit.
Then we want to reposition them.
So then we'll bring down the opacity about there is good.
And we've just created our second tower